[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right, so
at this point I'll just poke out a couple
bits to show you some
features of these platforms.
So I'll go into the to do
MVC repository and just write some
changes that I'm gonna immediately
throw away just to demonstrate some of
the features that you can bring to bear.
So for Browserify,
I mentioned there's a lot of different
transforms that you can use.
And in fact,
if you Google Browserify transforms,
even if you misspell it,
you're probably gonna get it.
You'll see this list of at least
a few popular transformations.
So we'll just kind of pick one out.
I thought I was gonna do, there's
a markdown one which is kind of neat.
Which allows you to essentially
require a markdown file
as a string in your
JavaScript application.
So just temporarily, I'm going to install
this without saving it because I'm not
including the dash dash save,
I'm gonna install the module locally.
But it's not gonna be added
to my package.json, so
none of you will get it if you were
to clone the repository right away.
And this is going to add a new
transformation capability
to our Browserify code.
And you'll notice that the configuration
isn't terribly well documented here.
But if I go into,
as James pointed out, my grunt.file,
I can see these are my Browserify
options where I can pass in
different bits like whether or
not I want to generate a source map.
And then I will specify a source file or
multiple source files and
a destination file for my bundle.
This is kind of the core arguments
you would pass in if you were
executing a Browserify
from the command line.
But where the transformations were
declared is here in the package.json.
So here in the transform section I
specify browserify-shim is one of them.
I also specify babelify.
And now I'm also going to drop
in browserify-markdown as one of
the transforms.
So if I fire up my-
>> Speaker 2: What does
browserfy-markdown do?
>> Kevin Whinnery: It allows you in your
JavaScript code to require
a markdown file and
have that available in your
JavaScript code as a string.
Not terribly useful [LAUGH] all the time.
But just to kinda show
you a feature that you
can add to your transformation, I figured
we would take a look at this one.
So now I have this transformation added
to my configuration in my browser code.
Let's go into app.js say.
And the feature that this
transformation allows me to
do is rather than just
requiring JavaScript files.
I can require markdown files which
will be converted to a string.
It'll actually also be parsed into HTML,
if memory serves.
So just for demonstration purposes,
I'm gonna require the readme for
the project.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
that's going to be up one directory.
Let's see if I can get the resolve right.
So we had source.
I think it's one more.
And then, README.md.
And when the application initializes,
I'm just gonna go ahead and
console.log the contents
of the readme file.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So I'll start up my
server.
>> Kevin Whinnery: todomvc
js/app.jsmust be obj.
Let's see,
what did I mess up?
js/app jsmust be object.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Source browser.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Must be object.
Okey dokey.
So my markdown transform doesn't seem
to be working cuz it's blowing up
on this line.
It could be that I didn't
do this correctly.
So up one directory would be,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Browser and
then up another directory would be source.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
then up, yeah, I know that's the,
>> Kevin Whinnery: That
is the proper path.
Well, this is less
impressive than I had hoped.
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right,
I'll keep trucking for now but the the way
that typically you would do this
like the running it through grunt, you
don't get the full output of Browserify.
So you could run the Browserify command
line utility to get a more detailed SEC
trace of why this isn't going.
But I won't waste your
time with that right now.
So I'll go ahead and take this out.
But the idea there is that these
additional transforms essentially
give your code new capabilities
that it didn't have before.
So I'll get that running, hopefully, while
you guys are at the break and figure out,
or while you guys are working
on the exercises,
figure out what went wrong there.